feat: add docs for client side events in elements (#2498)
ory/docs: docs/elements/guides/20_events.mdx

---
id: events
title: Submit and error events
sidebar_label: Lifecycle Events
---

Ory Elements emits events for various actions, such as successful form submissions and errors that occur during form submissions.
You can listen to these events to perform custom actions in your application.

To attach an event listener, simply pass a callback function to the corresponding event prop of the form component. The available
events are:

## `onSuccess`

The `onSuccess` event is emitted when a form is successfully submitted. You can use this event to track successful form
submissions.

```tsx title="LoginForm.tsx"
<Login
  flow={flow}
  onSuccess={(event) => {
    console.log("Flow submitted successfully!", event)
  }}
/>
```

All success events emitted by Ory Elements contain the following properties:

| Property   | Type       | Description                                                          |
| ---------- | ---------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------- |

> | `flowType` | `FlowType` | The type of the flow that was submitted (Login, Registration, etc.). |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `flowType` | `FlowType` | The type for the submitted flow (Login, Registration, etc.). |
```

| `method`   | `string`   | The method, the user submitted (Password, Passkey, etc.)             |

:::danger

The `flow` object may contain pontentially sensitive information, such as the user's email address or other personally
identifiable information (PII). Be cautious when logging or handling this data to avoid unintentional exposure of sensitive
information.

:::

The **login** flow also contains the following additional properties:

| Property  | Type      | Description                               |
| --------- | --------- | ----------------------------------------- |
| `session` | `Session` | The session object of the logged in user. |

The **registration** flow also contains the following additional properties:

| Property   | Type       | Description                                                                                                            |
| ---------- | ---------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `session`  | `Session`  | The session object of the registered user. Only included if Kratos is configured to issue a session after registration |

> | `identity` | `Identity` | The identity object of the registered user.                                                                            |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `identity` | `Identity` | The identity object for the registered user.                                                                            |
```

## `onError`

> The `onError` event is emitted when a form submission fails. The reason for this is exposed via the `error` property of the event.

Author: ```suggestion
The `onError` event is emitted when a form submission fails. The reason for the error is exposed via the `error` property of the event.
```

"via the `error` property of the event." is more common for objects in programming

You can use this event to track failed form submissions and the reasons for the failures.

Common reasons include:

> - `flow_expired`: The flow has expired and a new flow needed to be created.

Author: sgtm! thanks.
